Sarkar/get seq len fix propagate (#1291)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/text-generation/README.md

### Running with FP8

> Llama2-70b, Llama2-7b, Llama3-70b, Llama3-8b, Mixtral-8x7B, Falcon-7B, Falcon-40B, Falcon-180B and phi-2 in FP8 are enabled using the [Intel Neural Compressor (INC)](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_FP8.html), which provides model measurement and quantization capabilities in PyTorch. From synapse 1.17 / optimum-habana 1.13 release, INC is used by default for measuring and quantization. Habana Quantization Toolkit (HQT), which was used earlier, will be removed in future releases. To use HQT, disable INC by setting `-e USE_INC=0`.

Reviewer: `-e` is specific to Docker no?
```suggestion
Llama2-70b, Llama2-7b, Llama3-70b, Llama3-8b, Mixtral-8x7B, Falcon-7B, Falcon-40B, Falcon-180B and phi-2 in FP8 are enabled using the [Intel Neural Compressor (INC)](https://docs.habana.ai/en/latest/PyTorch/Inference_on_PyTorch/Inference_Using_FP8.html), which provides model measurement and quantization capabilities in PyTorch. From synapse 1.17 / optimum-habana 1.13 release, INC is used by default for measuring and quantization. Habana Quantization Toolkit (HQT), which was used earlier, will be removed in future releases. To use HQT, disable INC by setting the following environment variable: `USE_INC=0`.
```
